You know how humans are really bad at coming up with names, like take the example of human names, you have two family sides, one 
from your mother and one from your father, there might be some people belonging to each side who share the same name,
yet when you are given the context about which side of the family is being discussed you are quick to correctly discern who is being talked 
about even if the name of the person also belongs to someone on the other side of the family.

Like: You cousin Evan from your mother's side and your uncle Evan from your father's side, both share the same name, but when you 
      know which side of the family is being talked about, the name Evan becomes associated with either your cousin or Uncle, there is no
      confusion.

In the same way, programmers are really bad at naming things uniquely, because frankly, it is quite tedious to do so.
So we have to re-use certain names while naming variables, functions or even classes. Which would be okay if the scope of 
the variables was different, the signatures (see notes) of the functions were different, and the files in which the classes were defined 
were different and did not #include each other, but most of the time that is not the case.

That is where namespaces come in, a namespace is like a scope, anything defined in a namespace doesn't interfere with any other namespace.
So you can have two or more things which share the same name under different namespaces and the compiler won't complain.


But that raises a question, when you want to access something which is defined in more than one namespace then how do you access it?
I mean which namespace do you access it from?

That is where the "::" or SRO (Scope resolution operator) comes in, let's say you have the following code:


namespace a{
    float pi = 3.14f;
}

namespace b{
    double pi = 3.1431253;
}

Now if you want to access the value of "pi" from namespace "a" you do the following:
    a::pi;

Similarly for "b" you do:
    b::pi;

Basically the syntax goes like this:

namespace::value , which should be read as "get me value from namespace"

so a::pi = "get me pi from a"
so b::pi = "get me pi from b"

What if you want to use the values defined in a namespace as if they were local values?

That is where the "using namespace" clause comes in.