The word 'static' itself just means: something that doesn't change. And that's the whole concept in Java too.
Whenever you add the word 'static' in the declaration of any function or variable, it becomes static in the sense that it doesn't change whenever
new objects of the class to whom those functions and variables belong to, they don't get initialized more than once.

Basically if you know anything about objects in programming, you know that whenever new objects are initialized everything about that object is 
copy pasted essentially. That means all the functions and variables associated with that particular class are copied and customized to fit this
particular newly instantiated object.

But static functions and variables are different because even though all objects that are instantiated from the parent class can access static functions 
and variables, they all access the same functions and variables. 

That means if you have a class like this:


class A{
    static int a = 0;
    A(){
        a++;
    }
}

The variable 'a' is shared across all the objects that will be instantiated using this class, and the same goes for 
functions too, like say you have a function like so:

class Utils{
    static int add(int a, int b){
        return a + b;
    }
}

Now instead of this 'add' function being a part of an object, it is part of the class. And all objects share this same
function.

The thing to remember is that, "static functions and variables belong to the class rather than an object".
And since they belong to the class, you can access them without using an object, like how you use the functions defined 
in the Math module like so Math.sin or Math.floor and so on.

But since static functions are part of the class and not a particular object, that means the function definition of a static
function cannot include any object specific variable or property reference. That just means it cannot use the 'this' keyword
to access the objects attributes since static functions don't belong to an object in the first place.

You can make classes static as well, but you cannot make top-level classes static, you can only make nested-classes as static.