There is something common to all programming languages, that is they are not written in binary (natively), unless you are explicitly a psycho who writes in binary.
Which means there needs to be a way to turn the code you write in human readable format into something the computer can understand, which just means, a way to 
turn source code into binary.

That is where something called a compiler, an interpreter or a VM (Virtual Machine) comes in. The specifics are not so important but the main thing is that
they convert code to binary. There maybe several steps in between, but the result is always the same.

But how is the process of turning source code to machine code (binary) different for different languages?

Well you see, some languages transform the source code to binary straight away, while some only do so when the program is run. The languages
which transform the code straight away are called 'Compiled Languages' and the ones which are only transformed when the program is run 
are called 'Interpreted Languages'.

Compiled Languages like C, C++, Rust and so on use the principle of AOT compilation, AOT stands for Ahead-of-time. Which makes sense since they compile 
the source code in advance, before the program is run. So you can say that, "The code is compiled ahead of time, before the program is run", hence the name
AOT compilation.

Interpreted Languages like Java, Python and so on use the principle of JIT compilation, JIT stands for Just-In-Time, which also makes sense since 
the code is only compiled right before the code is ran by the CPU, so in a sense you can say, "The code is compiled to binary just in the nick of time".
Hence the name JIT compilation.


AOT Compilation details:

There is usually a lot of in-between steps before the compiler actually compiles the code into assembly code, and then an assembler converts the 
assembly code into machine code (binary). Usually such languages are faster since all of the code is pre-compiled and ready to run, but they often
have slower start-up time since the whole executable binary file needs to be loaded into memory before running the program.

But since AOT languages produce executables specific to a machine, the same executable cannot be distributed to be run everywhere. The whole program
needs to be recompiled before running it on a different machine.


JIT Compilation details:

Most interpreted languages are based on the principle of "code once, run everywhere", because it was tedious to compile every-time you made changes to the code
and had to recompile the code for each specific machine. Interpreted languages change this by not compiling to assembly code but something called "bytecode", 
the thing with bytecode is that it is the same everywhere.

The bytecode produces by a python interpreter on person A's computer, for instance, will be the same if person B compiles the same code on their machine.
The difference comes when the program is actually run, there is two ways bytecode is turned into binary for execution:

(i) Interpreter: a program called an interpreter is downloaded specific to each machine, which turns bytecode into machine code line-by-line as the program executes.

(ii) A Virtual Machine or VM: since binary is machine specific, these languages use a Virtual Machine which run the bytecode. At the end of the day
                              VM's too use an assembler to turn the bytecode into native machine code, but the nuances differ for each language.