Functions are the most basic building block of any application or program, so it is only fair that they get a good explanation.
A function is just a block of code which can be executed when the function is called. They were introduced in programming because
it didn't make sense to write the same code in different places again and again, it was both in-efficient and primitive to do so.

Basically a function is something which stores a pointer (see notes) to a block of code, and when you want to access that block of
code, which is essentially just a bunch of binary instructions, you can do so by calling the function by its name. You can even pass 
arguments which could be used by the function's code to do whatever it is the function was designed to do.

So something like this in C:

int add(int a, int b){
     return a + b;
}

In the above code we are defining a function named 'add' which is the name of the pointer to the code which the function holds,
which is just a single line, i.e. 'return a + b'. And to call this function we do something like this:

int result = add(2, 2);

The above code will call the function with the arguments 2 and 2 and store the return value in a variable called 'result'.

Now there are some concepts related to functions, let's look at them one by one:

(i) Function Signature: The combination of the return type, the name and the parameters of a function constitutes the function signature, it is a way of uniquely
                        identifying functions for the compiler. In C even if the function signature is different, two functions cannot share the same name.
                        In other languages, if the compiler/interpreter allows it, you can overload functions (see below).


(ii) Function Definition/Implementation: It is the actual code which the function represents when it is called. Like the actual logic which is implemented behind every
                                         function call.


(iii) Function Overloading: When you write two separate functions with different signatures but the same name, it is called function overloading. It is a technique
                            used to make generic function names for statically types languages like C++, Java, Rust and so on. 


(iv) Generic Functions: When working with statically typed languages, it is really hard to define an algorithm which works for all types of data, because the 
                        functions only take in a particular type of data as input arguments. And that results into programmers needing to create different functions
                        with different names for the same purpose essentially. And that's where the need for generic functions come in. The word generic means 'something 
                        in general, or average', and that's what these functions are. They can take any type of input arguments, hence eliminating the need for 
                    different functions.

                    Like, in python a generic function would look like:

                    def add(a, b): 
                         return a + b

                    here a, b can be integers, string, float or anything. But if we were to define the same function in C or any other statically typed language
                    we would need to define a separate function for each data type.


(v) Variadic Functions: These type of functions are really powerful because of the fact that they take in a variable number of input arguments.
                        Usually when defining a function we set the number of arguments as a constant value, like:

                        void print(const char* s){
                              printf("%s\n");
                        }

                        The above defined function takes in a single argument, which is a 'string' (char*). And to use this function we do something like 
                        this:

                        print("Hello World!");

                        But what if we did something like this:

                        print("Hi there", " my name is Skullfire");

                        Since the function defined only takes in a single argument, the above code will raise an error. But what if we wanted it to
                        take in two or more arguments without needing to change the function definition? That's where variadic functions come in,
                        as defined before, variadic functions take in a variable number of arguments, so something like so:

                        def add(*args):
                              return sum(args)

                        The above code defines a variadic function in python, the argument '*args' represents a list of variable argument
                        in python.

                        So function calls like:
                        add(1, 2, 3)
                        or 
                        add(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6)

                        are all valid.

(vi) Lambda Functions: To explain this type of functions you have to first understand how functions are called i.e. the code a function contains is accessed.
                       (If you haven't read the memory lingo notes then please read them first then continue here.)

                       As you know a function is just a container for pre-written code, and when we call a function with some arguments (if it takes any) we are 
                       essentially executing the code contained inside the function. But what exactly is a function, like say:

                       def add(a, b): return a + b

                       in this code example what exactly is the function name 'add'? 

                       A function name is essentially a pointer (see notes), but unlike normal pointers which point to normal variables or data structures (see notes),
                       a function name points to a particular address in the Text-section (see notes) of the memory assigned to a program. Because ultimately the code
                       contained inside a function lives there.

                       So when you call a function like so: add(1, 2) you are accessing the code stored in the Text-Section of the memory which the function name
                       is pointing to.

                       During a function declaration we define the function name, which then is associated with the address of the function in memory, but when 
                       we don't provide a function name, then it just returns the address of the code we have just defined, and that is what lambda functions are.

                       Lambda functions are also called anonymous functions, because they literally have no name, or a pointer which points to them.

                       Like:

                       In python you declare a lambda function like so:

                       lambda arguments....: code......

                       the above syntax defines a function with no name.

                       So you might ask, if a lambda function has no name then how do you access it? I mean you need to be able to use it for it to be useful.

                       Well just like how you can pass the values to a function without first assigning them to variables first, in the same way you can
                       pass lambda functions directly to other functions without defining them with a name.

                       This is really powerful since you can essentially declare hidden functions which can only be accessed privately, and this 
                       help greatly in making sure your code is secure.

                       Of course there are many other use cases for lambda functions but it all depends on the situation and the person.
                       
                       