You know when i first started learning to program I always wondered how does a programming language actually work.
I mean I learnt python as my first language so I was already in a very pre-built space, if you know what I mean. 
Everything about computers and programming languages seemed like a giant black-box.

But the more I researched into how languages are compiled or interpreted, the more and more the concept of a kernel kept 
popping up. On paper its defined as the piece of software which sits on top of the bare metal of any computer.

But that doesn't inspire any intuitive way of thinking about kernels, I literally picture a person sitting on top of my motherboard
and his name is "Kernel (Colonel)". Which is very stupid. 

In actuality what people meant to say was that a kernel is a piece of code which is coded specifically for a particular 
CPU, a CPU (Central Processing Unit) is the brain of any device, so a code which is coded specifically for the CPU controls
everything.

But what exactly does that mean?

Before we continue I would recommend reading about the CPU (see notes), motherboard (see notes), firmware (see notes) and bootloader (see notes).

After the bootloader finds the kernel code and loads it into RAM, the CPU begins executing the code, but here is the thing, the CPU is this all powerful
machine which can do anything with the hardware which you tell it to, and that is risky, because "with great power comes great responsibility".

If your buggy code could talk directly to the CPU and give it commands, then best believe you will break something, that is why the kernel exists.
It is the code which lives between any application and the CPU (or hardware). But then how do you send commands to the CPU?

Well the CPU runs in two modes, Privileged Mode and Restricted Mode, as the name suggests in Privileged mode you can tell the CPU to do anything,
but in Restricted mode you can only access the CPU for a few simple functionalities, like doing maths or something like that. 

If you wanna access all the other functionality a CPU offers, you have to ask a program which functions in Privileged mode to do the task on your 
behalf, and the kernel is exactly that.

A kernel executes in Privileged mode, and everything else executes in Restricted mode, that is why Privileged mode is often called Kernel Space,
and Restricted mode is called User Space. All programs which the user uses exist in User space (obviously), and whenever those programs need 
to access functionalities which they don't have access to, they ask the kernel.

That is what those "system calls" mean, when people refer to code which does stuff for you, like drawing a window onto the screen, displaying text,
loading files or something else.

