Ok, compilation in simple terms means converting your code into binary instructions which can be run by the 
computer's processor.

And C is a compiled language, which means that it needs to compile your code before running it. Also called AOT compilation,
or Ahead-of-Time compilation, which just means it compiles the whole source code and produces an executable.

Here is the general structure of how the compilation of a C program takes place.


 Source Code --------------> Processed Code --------------> Assembly Code -----------> Object File(s) -------------> Executable

             Pre-processor                     Compiler                     Assembler                      Linker


Now don't worry I will explain each step in great detail (or so I hope).


Pre-processor : What it does is basically prepared the code for the compiler, which means including all the header files, removing comments and 
                full-filling macros (see other notes).

                1st Task: The compiler needs to resolve function calls which are present in header files which we include at the top of our C programs
                          like #include <stdio.h> (see notes).
                
                2nd Task: The comments you write in your code are removed because they are not valid syntax which the compiler recognizes.

                3rd Task: If your code defines and uses macros then the pre-processor does text subsitution to fullfill those macros (see notes).


Compiler : Turns the processed code into assembly code, it should be emphasized that the compiler doesn't require function definitions
           it only needs the function declaration to know function signatures (see notes), the need for the actual implementation of functions
           comes later.


Assembler : This is a feature of the BIOS you can say, that is, it is specific to the CPU architecture, it is a translator for assembly code
            into object files, which are essentially machine code (1s and 0s i.e. binary).


Linker : It is the most important thing which actually allows you to use libraries in your C programs, as the name suggests it links multiple binary
         files. These files contain function definitions and the actual source code of your program which have been turned into machine code.




Now this was the general way of compiling C programs, but there is another way, which is conceptually the same but uses the concept
of something called dynamic linking, instead of static linking.

In other words, in the most general case, all the dependencies are packaged into the final executable by the linker, but in dynamic linking
only the function names are packaged and there is a need to resolve dependencies during runtime, and that's where the concept of .so (shared object) or 
.dll (dynamic link library) comes in.

All that happens is that in the case of dynamic linking, when you run the program is either loads the dependencies from a .so or .dll file which needs to be 
present somewhere in the project where your executable is.

(P.S Windows uses .dll files but Linux and Mac use .so files)

Dll or .so files are just binary files which are loaded in memory during runtime by the executable when it needs to resolve function names.
But other than that the compilation process is the same.

