What is a pre-processor? 

If you haven't read the notes on C compilation process, then here is a reminder. It removed comments, copies all the code 
in the header files you included at the top of your C program into your source code and fullfills macros, or otherwise known as 
pre-processor directives, which is just a fancy word for "orders".

Macros in C are defined using the "#" symbol, or they can be built-in ones as well, like __FILE__ which represents the name of the file
where it is used.

There are a lot of built-in macros in C, and I mean a lot. And truth be told you don't need to know all of them, even knowing 10 or so would be enough.

But you can define macros on your own too.

Like so,

#define PI 3.1416251

here we are defining a constant called PI, now if you use the word "PI" anywhere in your code, it will be replaced
by the pre-processor with the value we assign to it.

Like say you define a function like so:

float area(float radius){             After Pre-processor    float area(float radius){
    return PI * pow(radius, 2);      -------------------->      return 3.1416251 * pow(radius, 2);
}                                                            }

The above define function uses PI to calculate the area of a circle, after you pass your code to the 
pre-processor the function will look like shown above.

This is what I meant when I said the pre-processor is responsible for text-subsitution for fullfilling macros in a C program.

The words "macro" in iteself just means something large or broad, and it makes sense because when you define a macro in C 
it is replaced by its value everywhere in your program.


Using Macros in other ways.


Since all the #define command does, is tell the pre-processor to replace a word with the value you provide after.
You can use this to your advantage for making some pretty generic functions.

Like if you did something like 
#define HELLO printf("Hi there!\n");

and then just used it in your code like so;

int main(){
    HELLO     <-------- Notice you don't need a semicolon at the end
    return 0;
}

the pre-processor would replace the word HELLO with the code printf("Hi there.\n");
and so in this way you can create some powerful functions which are generic in nature. (see notes)

Like so 

#define add(x, y) x + y

so now, you can use this as a function in your code like so

int a = add(1, 2);

or

float a = add(12.31, 32.32)

so you see, unlike normal functions which only take in a particular type of arguments and return only a single type, macros can act as 
generics function which take in any input and return any output, because all you are doing is replacing text, its just that you can give macros
input and make them behave as functions


Now onto Pre-processor directives, or orders for the pre-processor.

See the pre-processor is really powerful because it can change your code automatically based on the directives (orders) you give it. This 
process of changing your code dynamically is called conditional compilation btw.
And what are these orders specifically? Well there are a couple of them, so get ready for a ride.

1 #if : it works like a normal 'if' clause, the only difference being it is meant for the pre-processor instead of the compiler.

2 #endif : everytime you use a #if or #ifndef (see below) or #ifdef (see below) directive you need to add this directive at the end of 
           the directive to mark the end of the directive, otherwise the pre-processor won't know where to stop.
    
3 #elif : this is the quivalent of an 'if else' clause 

4 #else : this is the equivaled of the 'else' clause

5 #ifdef : this one is different from the #if directive because it checks for macros instead of expressions, and it stands for 'if defined'

6 #ifndef : this one if the opposite of #ifdef and the code in this clause gets included if the macro whose existence it checks 
            does not exist, it stands for 'if not defined'